Use type given by quint to build lambda bodies (#2856)
informalsystems/apalache: .unreleased/bug-fixes/quint-lambda-types-conversion.md

> Use the type inferred by Quint to build lambda bodies, avoiding mismatches with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When converting Quint lambdas, derive the return type from the Quint type inferred for 
the lambda, rather the type inferred for the body expression, avoiding mismatches with
```
